[Music]
and Atwater last night an electrical
fire destroyed East End Elementary
School are we gonna go to school now I'm
gonna find you someone
you're nice to go now go ahead bad kids
going to temp school
I hope come on where we gonna be school
segregation once then fall you better
get your ass down a City Hall tonight
who's next
they say you represent a great many
people in this town I'm holding a
committee meeting the council will vote
to either adopt or reject school
integration I need to co-chairs human
and add water and that one I'm the
president of clam he's a puppet hand you
the keys to school integration you go
Lock this door would you look at that
crazy white man folks in this town on
blacks are staying down school I'm here
to protect my family so all the betters
you don't get in my way and well I'm
gonna get it no wait we're trying to
understand each other for once and stop
talking for me I mean you out - no no
what same God made you made me sometimes
they are necessary for the greater good
didn't have to do that
[Music]
as long as the CP Ellis's of the world
keep getting their way ain't nothing
gonna change she looked at me I got some
kind of monster
why'd you expect I'm talking about I'm
the president of the clam
post-date black folks now if I don't
believe that then I got a problem
now what we talking about it in post you
go damn well listen up
[Music]